not too much of the 68 over you let's go
so this week's not so funny chapter
review iPad got say this is a Pacific
app honestly this was a retractor female
device inside I'm breathing didn't like
dying character in getting next no back
story often guy was a sickness is fun I
honestly did accept it honestly just
check how the chapter what I didn't
expect to be like these so I was plenty
surprised but I like how the
transmission looks he goes to AT&T looks
pretty epic like he look in small
pockets eyebrows on marks here are
flaring up and everything everything
looky looky blue rag off smoke or I just
it looks really neat it looks really
really good but thing is a little sad
it's answered I told you guys about this
your house me feel about died it is
inevitable death and we're just seeing
the beginning of the end for him that it
honestly just kind of its kind of
bothered that's what this blaze chapter
was you know it kind of hits you right
in the fields you got clipped on the
field training wheels turn gotcha you
could leave like you could need I don't
want to show you guys one more throw
pulls off from this chapter is right
here i'm going to write to you guys it
says it looks more this from my right
here it looks more of the color dried
and private leaves awesome scattered and
falling in the sky and being is you know
my guys like this that may be true we're
not falling not falling right they will
become nourishment for new fresh news
and ensuring the fresh Lee's blood and
if you're in a new straight is the
climax of the springtime of youth that
is when it burns his attention right
outside elves my file i love the way
that was just a setup catalysis visit us
realized you know dad leaves fall you
know pretty girls knew i like i like
that you know not submission how is
father was kind of explaining it is like
you know you're always here here's a
climax when you're going to keene you're
about to die basically there's climates
of youth and when you die your ability
I also gotta ask though it's kind of
interesting just going to show you that
the parallel with ricotta hi nahi like
with most beast at all freaking time
while guy he's a Guinea like guys that
is getting on my name sounds like you
didn't has nothing like you nearly trade
20 years those blend technique up like a
nigga say easy trick ones like dang man
like you don't have skill at all do you
mean I thought probably bad silent just
like God but I don't have a question
honestly this is one thing else very
interesting with this chapter right I
mean it's when guy in his team with you
know they're kinda article just imissu
any if you do with that jumpy impossible
neighbor but yeah it's his team right
now right in makeup trapped but the
seven swordsmen of the Mist what when I
like me what's going on here why I have
this right here y'all together and if I
try to kill them what is not to make you
to not to meet you too to do that was a
steward looks like i was up that don't
look like something i want to maybe that
is upset i think about yeah i mean i
don't know what was going on here like
what was happening thing is you have
godfather come in and trying to save
them this is where his private acute is
that right here is how we know keep how
he dies you're wondering what happened
to him and everything just as we got his
father wondering what after is hardly
because he went may not be here so he's
actually died has this whole deception
team is so he went on heroic at least
what I mean day so this is kind of
interesting me like in de cana actually
will say about this chapter though is
the fact that idea to get see guy
actually go and fight when we got to see
him go into the gates and he goes up
tomorrow he's about up chuckling right
niche in
okay thanks basis see how this autumn
though so hopefully God can actually i
really hope i can just don't let it
start tumbling pretty modern company
kinda open that actually because i want
me to really showcase the full extent
ATT really do just how powerful the
beach you know sad so I really like to
see and just really just go all out in
annex a PLA and hopefully I mean miners
not going to lead off this horse but you
know this hoping this should be some
high damage to moderate because I mean
look so bad that he dies not doing not a
scratch on I'm said I'll be separate I'm
what I'm done oh god yeah Hugh coffin
look it is one thing i will say try out
a new york city plendil she brews all's
you gotta cut short leash happy it was
too much cotton all honestly and in the
grand scheme of things but it was very
interesting to read them yeah i would
just say that you know this movie all
kinda suspect that guy is actually
brought please father and everything
like that but you know i don't know like
with this chapter until you see how guys
father is by the way guys polish name is
like dying yes a certain naww might
bother some sort of miss he might die my
name is no but not like a just this
chapter just kind of see that his father
not hotter that's the same way i've got
how guy does seem to drop lean out this
place I just I don't know I don't really
think this is my theory okay I woke from
my theory out there don't know ladies so
I'm neighbor lady like think you're here
look down so this part of this right
Danzo was a far this whole thing he mess
everything up no the doctor scheme he's
always doing something right so yeah
okay guy on a mission he was gone and
because this is a his his bum white was
ready tap to be right you ready to have
big so you know he goes over there and
it will feel over there and she's gonna
have baby and everything right but thing
is she dies from birth but before she
does but she's like thank you baby died
you know now at that
thing is that was like okay you know he
he's boring about that kid coming out he
won't stop talking about kids I need to
be focused on the mission you know
because they are there see because God's
nothing right there he was a song like
that it's like me focus on me focus on
the mission consoling condition so what
we're going to do instead of killing the
kid he could net but not he thinks
that's a bottle kid it's worth four leaf
you know hehe things he probably
something some great so he's like all
right Ben uses kid he's got a problem to
be good but we're not going to tell and
his kid came out weird I saying that
those miscarriage in the girl died
trying to burst and the big bazaar I did
I'm birth in everything I all that was
all hot and you don't know nothing about
kid oh that's my theory and in all
John's fault because the el ghazal does
everything all right now I come to just
know yeah because like what do you think
of this peach chapter of naruto or rocks
that i really enjoyed it pace was
actually pretty nice overall but you
know it's more so you know backstory on
God which is actually a good things off
use a good it's a plus but overall this
new chapter what you guys think play
like if you describe myself in this morn
nars which is in the brig mass killing
people break